They've already developed missiles that can threaten Europe and our bases overseas and they're working to build missiles that will soon reach the United States of America. After Midnight Hammer, they were warned to make no future attempts to rebuild their weapons program in a particular, nuclear weapons, yet they continue starting it all over. We wiped it out and they want to start all over again. And are at this moment again pursuing their sinister ambitions. We are in negotiations with them. They want to make a deal, but we haven't heard those secret words, we will never have a nuclear weapon. My preference -- My preference is to solve this problem through diplomacy. But one thing is certain, I will never allow the world's number one sponsor of terror, which they are by far to have a nuclear weapon, can't let that happen. And no nation should ever doubt America's resolve. We have the most powerful military on earth I rebuilt the military in my first term. We're going to continue to do so. Also, we just approved $1 trillion budget. We have no choice. We have to be strong, because hopefully we will seldom have to use this great power that we built together. It's really called peace through strength and it's been very, very effective. So thanks to Republican in Congress, we're investing that record number of dollars, have no choice, in the United States armed forces, also creating a lot of jobs, but we're not even doing it for that reason. Because as I said, we have more jobs, more people working today than ever before in the history of our country. And NATO countries, our friends and allies, and they are, they're our friends and they're our allies, have just agreed at my very strong request to pay five percent of GDP for military defense rather than the two percent, which they weren't paying; we were paying for almost all of them. Now they're paying five as opposed to not paying for it. And getting that 5 percent was something which everyone said would never be done, could not happen. We got it really easily with one meeting and a big difference between 2 percent that's not paid. We were paying the freight of many of them. Very few were paid out. Now 5 percent then they're paid. And everything we send over to Ukraine is sent through NATO and they pay us in full. They pay us totally in full. Every branch of our armed forces is setting records for recruitment. This is so exciting. And every service member recently received a warrior dividend of $1,776.